app/README.md, before:

@page VUMIX
##Ar Design Tool

	A tool for you to build augmented reality apps

##Running Server

	To run the server:
	> nodemon start 
	or
	> nodemon ardesign

	if server crashes:
	> npm install
	> nodemon start or nodemon ardesign

##Folder Structure

	|-----	bower_components	(Dependencies installed by bower)
	|-----	node_modules		(Dependencies installed by npm) 
	|-----	public		 		(Static files to be served to frontend) 
	|-----	server				(Modules and configs used by server)
	|-----	test							
	|-----	vumix.js			(app file)
	|-----	bower.json
	|-----	documentjs.json
	|-----	gulpfile.js
	|-----	package.json		
	L-----	README.MD 			

##How to Document using DocumentJS

	DocumentJS will read blockquotes and recognise them as document objects:
	/**
	 * This is a blockquote
	 */

	Currently, DocumentJS recognises document object VUMIX as the root. This is configured in the documentjs config file documentjs.json. 
	Key things you need for a document object:
	1. type 
	2. parent

	Type can be any of the following: @module/ @page/ @function
	It depends on what you are documenting - whether it is a module, individual function or a readme page. 
	Detailed api can be found here: http://documentjs.com/docs/documentjs.tags.html

	To enter the parent value do @parent
	Example: 
	  @ module(without space) passportgoogle  
	  @ parent(without space) Server_Modules
	  This module configures passportjs 
	 
	  @ param(without space) passport 
	  Requires passportjs

##Setting up db config file

	Add db.js file in the following folder: ./app/server/config/
	It should have two parameters "remote" and "local".
	The file should look like this:
	module.exports = {
		'remote': {
			'url': 'mysql://root:password@localhost:3308/vumix'
		},
		'local': {
			'url': "mysql://root:{your local password}@localhost:{port num}/test"		
		}
	}

	Default is to use your local db. To use remote db, use the --remote flag:
	nodemon vumix -r

	Ensure that you have a your local mysql server running and a schema called 'test' already created.

Commit message:

changed docs folder to docs instead of api

app/README.md, after:

@page VUMIX
##Ar Design Tool

	A tool for you to build augmented reality apps

##Running Server

	To run the server:
	> nodemon start 
	or
	> nodemon ardesign

	if server crashes:
	> npm install
	> nodemon start or nodemon ardesign

##Folder Structure

	|-----	bower_components	(Dependencies installed by bower)
	|-----	node_modules		(Dependencies installed by npm) 
	|-----	public		 		(Static files to be served to frontend) 
	|-----	server				(Modules and configs used by server)
	|-----	test							
	|-----	vumix.js			(app file)
	|-----	bower.json
	|-----	documentjs.json
	|-----	gulpfile.js
	|-----	package.json		
	L-----	README.MD 			

##How to Document using DocumentJS

	DocumentJS will read blockquotes and recognise them as document objects:
	/**
	 * This is a blockquote
	 */

	Currently, DocumentJS recognises document object VUMIX as the root. This is configured in the documentjs config file documentjs.json. 
	Key things you need for a document object:
	1. type 
	2. parent

	Type can be any of the following: @module/ @page/ @function
	It depends on what you are documenting - whether it is a module, individual function or a readme page. 
	Detailed api can be found here: http://documentjs.com/docs/documentjs.tags.html

	To enter the parent value do @parent
	Example: 
	  @ module(without space) passportgoogle  
	  @ parent(without space) Server_Modules
	  This module configures passportjs 
	 
	  @ param(without space) passport 
	  Requires passportjs

##Generate docs using DocumentJS

	Ensure that documentjs is installed globally.
	> npm install -g documentjs

	To generate docs:
	> documentjs

##Setting up db config file

	Add db.js file in the following folder: ./app/server/config/
	It should have two parameters "remote" and "local".
	The file should look like this:
	module.exports = {
		'remote': {
			'url': 'mysql://root:password@localhost:3308/vumix'
		},
		'local': {
			'url': "mysql://root:{your local password}@localhost:{port num}/test"		
		}
	}

	Default is to use your local db. To use remote db, use the --remote flag:
	nodemon vumix -r

	Ensure that you have a your local mysql server running and a schema called 'test' already created.
